
# Ross
Notes: Calls can be called late sometimes. But this is down to you having to think on the spot. Once we have time to review how we play and what pos this should be easier. 

Your pos is very good and you very rarley die due to bad pos or traded. imo

Round 4 [Clip](https://youtu.be/vC2YkHUrqOA) 
- Only minor thing for this is the early flash. The T's sprinted the whole way and didnt make it intime for the flash to be effective. Maybe if they where on full eco rush and good spawns it would be effective, I think the better util to play that early is a molly and or let second player flash this allows you to get in pos smoother and ready, Which to be fair you where and your timing for peek on the kill was good, Like i said very minor thing.

	[Clip](https://youtu.be/G6Frgjef1BA)
- You falling back onto B was also good. Was very lucky you didnt get killed from B main when coming out of temple. You had flash and Smoke you can utilise but I believe you didnt know it was not smoked or that they where peeking. Still should not have gone out with your knife. After crossing a smoke would have been good to attempt to delay the T's

Round 12 [Clip](https://youtu.be/E-42MZqAbnw)
- When peeking mid you should peak with the flash as it does not get you. You can see you missed pretty much a free kill here. You can also see that early flash that I mention above

Round 13 [Clips](https://youtu.be/6gCfVN_wZAM)
- Here I think is a good way we played of second player playing a bit more back. As a mid rotator as on mid second player can still molly (Hopefully better than my one) and smoke and flash for first player although with flash from far back it will affect the first player just meaning they cant peek with the flash

Round 14 [Clip](https://youtu.be/f3GyZqocpvk)
- Here is a example from that game with that flash on mid

# Hamish

# Voltix

Notes: 
 - Does not utilize utility belt - Mainly flashes. | Prioritises Ak over Util. (Alot of the times having a flash is good. And you dont need an Ak everyround it will work better for your econ and util plays) 
-  Reloads after kills sometimes when no need i.e still 15-18 bullets left in m4a4
- Aim is good. Posistioning is good. Just a few moments where you let your self get caught out with no where to run

- Round 3 [Clip](https://youtu.be/O-kTKYjlIUw)
	- No util. (Bought head armour when T full bought) If a flash was bought would have had a much easier play on B. 
	- We won the round but still. You where stuck for so long.
		- Side note: Ross had a smoke coulda thrown onto B main

- Round 6 [Clip](https://youtu.be/4i0IXFnKeyQ)
	- When you peeked mid after they got mid control you peeked with a Nade. The Nade was not bad but you had 2 flashes. You could have naded then flashed and peeked. Hoping to get dmg with nade and easy kill from the flash. Or flash peek maybe get a kill but peek for a info

- Round 10 [Clip](https://youtu.be/enFi-AQuHnM)
	- You had 10 bullets left. Although it can be argued its fair to reload here you done it as they have just killed your team mate and the flash the site for entry. Giving them info that there is another player on site and where you are making an easy kill for the enemy of which with 10 bullets you probably would have killed him on 100hp nevermind the fact he is on 33hp and you could have killed a second possibly. I think this was just a in the moment thing but thought id point it out 

- Round 14 [Clip](https://youtu.be/G4rk2NgTo9M)
	- The bomb was dropped on the bomb site and it was not called or anything. I understand the point of letting one of us planting as you had AK and can hold an angle but we where not aware of it and it took 10 secs for it to be noticed which could could have been really bad that's between winning and loosing

- Round 16 [Clip](https://youtu.be/W9VJHaH6s1A)
	- This round was quite unlucky in that you where left in a bad situation. The only thing that you could have done better here is. When you dropped for bomb you should have gone down the box using crouch silent drop. They heard you drop down and then they heard you run away and heard you go through mid. With this info they knew you where going A so the heaven player could wait to get to the kill on you. Granted you did not have much time but even the silent drop then shift till top of B main and then going carpets would have maybe played out a bit better in your favor but still half you're team was dead and little time.
